hello everyone this is my second video
about my beater the Citizen Blue Angels
de JY 0 0 4 0 / 5 9 l straight off that
yes I have gotten bezel replaced and I
even got a new glass in there this is
the old mineral glass as you can see and
I replaced it for a sapphire glass and
it's definitely worth the money its
little it cost me about a hundred euros
or something so really I only do it when
you really like this watch and if you
can stand Japanese quartz watches
because I know a lot of people will have
a Swiss fetish and that's where their
Allah for watches stops well not me I
love this watch I think the guy who
designed this watch should receive an
Oscar I mean this is great
this really looks good I even had the
bezels replace as you can see here let
me see if I can get that sharp now I
can't but hey this is a phone I'm
filming with and this is the other one
you can see wait you can see it's got
where and this cost me about 50 bucks if
I'm not mistaken and just a quick little
funny thing since I don't have a watch
with a Portuguese day wheel which I'm
still looking for but can't find so if
anybody watching these knows where to
get one please leave a comment and until
that time I'll just leave you can't see
it well there you go
it says mad and I like being mad so
twice having the name mad on my watch
it's just funny right so this is the new
citizen sky watch with the bezels
replaced and the glass replaced and it
looks like new I send an email to the
guy I bought it from and he was quite
jealous and
Wow man if I would've known I would have
done it myself and kept it well too bad
and if you want to beat her and you
can't afford as a sea monster get get
something like this you will not be
disappointed
okay guys bye bye